feat(changelog): vpc-changed-custom-resources-can-now-be-attached-or-det 2025-03-25 (#4704)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2025/2025-03-25-vpc-changed-custom-resources-can-now-be-attached-or-det.mdx

---
title: Custom resources can now be attached or detached from Private Networks
status: changed
date: 2025-03-25
category: network
product: vpc
---

> You can now attach or detach a custom resource from the Private Network’s dashboard in the Scaleway console (previously available when reserving an IP address in the IPAM dashboar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to attach or detach a custom resource directly from the Private Network dashboard in the Scaleway console, whereas previously this functionality was only available when reserving an IP address in the IPAM dashboard.
```
